Update requirements and recommendations (#1511)
scalar-labs/scalardb: docs/requirements.md

# Requirements and Recommendations for the Underlying Databases of ScalarDB

This document explains the requirements and recommendations in the underlying databases of ScalarDB to make ScalarDB applications work correctly and efficiently.

## Requirements

> ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide certain capabilities for running transactions and analytics on the databases. This document first explains the general requirements and then explains how to configure each database to achieve the requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide certain capabilities to run transactions and analytics on the databases. This document explains the general requirements and how to configure each database to achieve the requirements.
```

### General requirements

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}

> ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide at least the following capabilities for running transactions on the databases:
> - Linearizable read and conditional mutations (write and delete) on a single database record.
> - Durability of written database records.
> - Ability to store arbitrary data besides application data in each database record.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide at least the following capabilities to run transactions on the databases:

- Linearizable read and conditional mutations (write and delete) on a single database record.
- Durability of written database records.
- Ability to store arbitrary data besides application data in each database record.
```

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> You need to have database accounts that have enough privileges to access the databases thorough ScalarDB since ScalarDB runs on the underlying databases not only for CRUD operations but also for performing operations like creating or altering schemas, tables, or indexes. ScalarDB basically requires a fully privileged account to access the underlying databases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to have database accounts that have enough privileges to access the databases through ScalarDB since ScalarDB runs on the underlying databases not only for CRUD operations but also for performing operations like creating or altering schemas, tables, or indexes. ScalarDB basically requires a fully privileged account to access the underlying databases.
```

{% endcapture %}

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}

> ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide the following capability for running analytics on the databases:
> - Ability to return only committed records.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide the following capability to run analytics on the databases:

- Ability to return only committed records.
```

> ### How to configure databases to achieve the general requirements

Reviewer: I'd like to add a sentence after this heading to briefly describe what this section is about.

```suggestion
### How to configure your databases to achieve the general requirements

Select your database for details on how to configure it to achieve the general requirements.
```

<div id="tabset-1">
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'JDBC_databases', 'tabset-1')" id="defaultOpen-1">JDBC databases</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'DynamoDB', 'tabset-1')">DynamoDB</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL', 'tabset-1')">Cosmos DB for NoSQL</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cassandra', 'tabset-1')">Cassandra</button>
</div>

<div id="JDBC_databases" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}

> - Use a single primary server or synchronized multi-primary servers for all operations. (No reads on read replicas that are asynchronously replicated from a primary database.)
> - Use read committed or stricter isolation levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use a single primary server or synchronized multi-primary servers for all operations (no read operations on read replicas that are asynchronously replicated from a primary database).
- Use read-committed or stricter isolation levels.
```

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}

> - Use read committed or stricter isolation levels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use read-committed or stricter isolation levels.
```

</div>

<div id="DynamoDB" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}
- Use a single primary region for all operations. (No reads and writes on global tables in non-primary regions.)

>   - There is no concept for primary regions in DynamoDB, so you must designate a primary region by yourself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - There is no concept for primary regions in DynamoDB global tables, so you must designate a primary region by yourself.
```
I think the concept of multi-region only exists in global tables.

Author: @komamitsu Thanks.
It doesn't really talk about global tables, let me revise the whole sentence.
How about this?

```
A primary region is not a concept in DynamoDB, even when you use multiple regions with DynamoDB global tables, so you must designate a primary region on your own.
```
@josh-wong

Reviewer 2: @feeblefakie 💯

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}

> - N/A (Thee are no DynamoDB-specific requirements since DynamoDB always returns committed records.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not applicable. DynamoDB always returns committed records, so there are no DynamoDB-specific requirements.
```

</div>

<div id="Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}
- Use a single primary region for all operations with `Strong` or `Bounded Staleness` consistency.

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}

> - N/A (Thee are no Cosmos DB-specific requirements since Cosmos DB always returns committed records.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not applicable. Cosmos DB always returns committed records, so there are no Cosmos DB–specific requirements.
```

</div>

<div id="Cassandra" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}

> - Use a single primary cluster for all operations. (No reads and writes in non-primary clusters.)
> - Use `batch` or `group` for `commitlog_sync`.
> - (In case you use Cassandra-compatible databases) Use Cassandra-compatible databases that properly support Lightweight Transactions (LWT).

Reviewer: I think we can simplify the last bullet as shown below, but please confirm.

```suggestion
- Use a single primary cluster for all operations (no read or write operations in non-primary clusters).
- Use `batch` or `group` for `commitlog_sync`.
- If you're using Cassandra-compatible databases, those databases must properly support lightweight transactions (LWT).
```

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}

> - N/A (Thee are no Cassandra-specific requirements since Cassandra always returns committed records.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Not applicable. Cassandra always returns committed records, so there are no Cassandra-specific requirements.
```

</div>
</div>

## Recommendations

> ScalarDB recommends each underlying database to be configured properly for high performance and high availability. The following items are some knobs and configurations to update.

Reviewer: In this case, ScalarDB can't really `recommend` (it can `require`, however), so I've re-worded this a bit to use passive voice since using active voice would be a little awkward.

```suggestion
Properly configuring each underlying database of ScalarDB for high performance and high availability is recommended. The following recommendations include some knobs and configurations to update.
```

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> ScalarDB can be seen as an application of underlying databases, so it is worth trying other knobs and configurations that are commonly effective.

Reviewer: Revised to use active voice. I also revised the `commonly effective` ending since I felt it was a little awkward, but please let me know if my suggestion is incorrect.

```suggestion
ScalarDB can be seen as an application of underlying databases, so you may want to try updating other knobs and configurations that are commonly used to improve efficiency.
```

{% endcapture %}
<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

<div id="tabset-2">
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'JDBC_databases2', 'tabset-2')" id="defaultOpen-2">JDBC databases</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'DynamoDB2', 'tabset-2')">DynamoDB</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL2', 'tabset-2')">Cosmos DB for NoSQL</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cassandra2', 'tabset-2')">Cassandra</button>
</div>

<div id="JDBC_databases2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

> - Use read committed isolation for better performance.
> - Follow each database’s best practices for performance optimization. For example, increasing buffer size (e.g., shared_buffers in PostgreSQL) and increasing the number of connections (e.g., max_connections in PostgreSQL) are usually recommended for better performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use read-committed isolation for better performance.
- Follow the performance optimization best practices for each database. For example, increasing the buffer size (for example, `shared_buffers` in PostgreSQL) and increasing the number of connections (for example, `max_connections` in PostgreSQL) are usually recommended for better performance.
```

</div>

<div id="DynamoDB2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

> - Increase RCU and WCU for high throughput.
> - Enable Point-in-time Recovery (PITR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase the number of read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs) for high throughput.
- Enable point-in-time recovery (PITR).
```

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> Since DynamoDB stores data in multiple availability zones by default, so you don’t need to do anything for better availability.)

Reviewer: I wanted to be specific here, so I've re-worded `do anything`. I'm open to using other, more specific phrases though.

```suggestion
Since DynamoDB stores data in multiple availability zones by default, you don’t need to adjust any configurations to improve availability.
```

{% endcapture %}
<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>
</div>

<div id="Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

> - Increase RU for high throughput.
> - Enable Point-In-Time-Restore (PITR).
> - Enable Availability Zones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase the number of Request Units (RUs) for high throughput.
- Enable point-in-time restore (PITR).
- Enable availability zones.
```

</div>

<div id="Cassandra2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

> - Increase concurrent_reads and concurrent_writes for high throughput. See [the official doc](https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/stable/cassandra/configuration/cass_yaml_file.html#concurrent_writes) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Increase `concurrent_reads` and `concurrent_writes` for high throughput. For details, see the official Cassandra documentation about [`concurrent_writes`](https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/stable/cassandra/configuration/cass_yaml_file.html#concurrent_writes).
```

> </div>
> 
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</div>
</div>
```

# Requirements and Recommendations for the Underlying Databases of ScalarDB

This document explains the requirements and recommendations in the underlying databases of ScalarDB to make ScalarDB applications work correctly and efficiently.

## Requirements

ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide certain capabilities to run transactions and analytics on the databases. This document explains the general requirements and how to configure each database to achieve the requirements.

### General requirements

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}
ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide at least the following capabilities to run transactions on the databases:

- Linearizable read and conditional mutations (write and delete) on a single database record.
- Durability of written database records.
- Ability to store arbitrary data besides application data in each database record.

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

> You need to have database accounts that have enough privileges to access the databases through ScalarDB since ScalarDB runs on the underlying databases not only for CRUD operations but also for performing operations like creating or altering schemas, tables, or indexes. ScalarDB basically requires a fully privileged account to access the underlying databases.

Author: @choplin What do you think about this?

> You need to have database accounts that have enough privileges to access the databases through ScalarDB since ScalarDB runs on the underlying databases not only for CRUD operations but also for performing operations like creating or altering schemas, tables, or indexes. ScalarDB basically requires a fully privileged account to access the underlying databases.

Reviewer 3: Sorry for the late reply. The minimum requirement for privileges for ScalarDB Analytics is weaker than ScalarDB since ScalarDB Analytics does not require write nor schema modification privileges. 

However, we could assume that common users re-use the configuration and accounts of ScalarDB for ScalarDB Analytics as well. So, it would be okay to keep this description here. It would also be worth explaining the configuration and account sharing to the ScalarDB Analytics section.

> You need to have database accounts that have enough privileges to access the databases through ScalarDB since ScalarDB runs on the underlying databases not only for CRUD operations but also for performing operations like creating or altering schemas, tables, or indexes. ScalarDB basically requires a fully privileged account to access the underlying databases.

Author: @choplin Thanks.
It seems a general rough requirement, so I moved the note to the bottom of the section.
[5376e04](https://github.com/scalar-labs/scalardb/pull/1511/commits/5376e04ef77503c58ef7a42ae706769338fabb17)

> You need to have database accounts that have enough privileges to access the databases through ScalarDB since ScalarDB runs on the underlying databases not only for CRUD operations but also for performing operations like creating or altering schemas, tables, or indexes. ScalarDB basically requires a fully privileged account to access the underlying databases.

Reviewer 4: Thank you for the answer and for fixing it. LGTM.

{% endcapture %}

<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}
ScalarDB requires each underlying database to provide the following capability to run analytics on the databases:

- Ability to return only committed records.

### How to configure databases to achieve the general requirements

Select your database for details on how to configure it to achieve the general requirements.

> <div id="tabset-1">
> <div class="tab">
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'JDBC_databases', 'tabset-1')" id="defaultOpen-1">JDBC databases</button>
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'DynamoDB', 'tabset-1')">DynamoDB</button>
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL', 'tabset-1')">Cosmos DB for NoSQL</button>
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cassandra', 'tabset-1')">Cassandra</button>
> </div>
> 
> <div id="JDBC_databases" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> 
> #### Transactions
> {:.no_toc}
> - Use a single primary server or synchronized multi-primary servers for all operations (no read operations on read replicas that are asynchronously replicated from a primary database).
> - Use read-committed or stricter isolation levels.
> 
> #### Analytics
> {:.no_toc}
> - Use read-committed or stricter isolation levels.
> 
> </div>
> 
> <div id="DynamoDB" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> 
> #### Transactions
> {:.no_toc}
> - Use a single primary region for all operations. (No read and write operations on global tables in non-primary regions.)
>   - There is no concept for primary regions in DynamoDB, so you must designate a primary region by yourself.
> 
> #### Analytics
> {:.no_toc}
> - Not applicable. DynamoDB always returns committed records, so there are no DynamoDB-specific requirements.
> 
> </div>
> 
> <div id="Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> 
> #### Transactions
> {:.no_toc}
> - Use a single primary region for all operations with `Strong` or `Bounded Staleness` consistency.
> 
> #### Analytics
> {:.no_toc}
> - Not applicable. Cosmos DB always returns committed records, so there are no Cosmos DB–specific requirements.
> 
> </div>
> 
> <div id="Cassandra" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> 
> #### Transactions
> {:.no_toc}
> - Use a single primary cluster for all operations (no read or write operations in non-primary clusters).
> - Use `batch` or `group` for `commitlog_sync`.
> - If you're using Cassandra-compatible databases, those databases must properly support lightweight transactions (LWT).
> 
> #### Analytics
> {:.no_toc}
> - Not applicable. Cassandra always returns committed records, so there are no Cassandra-specific requirements.
> 
> </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: I just realized that the tabs should match the same order as we have in other docs (like [when setting up your database for ScalarDB](https://scalardb.scalar-labs.com/docs/latest/getting-started-with-scalardb/#set-up-your-database-for-scalardb)). Can we change the order of the tabs as follows?:

- Cassandra
- Cosmos DB for NoSQL
- DynamoDB
- JDBC databases

```suggestion
<div id="tabset-1">
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cassandra', 'tabset-1')" id="defaultOpen-1">Cassandra</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL', 'tabset-1')">Cosmos DB for NoSQL</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'DynamoDB', 'tabset-1')">DynamoDB</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'JDBC_databases', 'tabset-1')">JDBC databases</button>
</div>

<div id="Cassandra" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}
- Use a single primary cluster for all operations (no read or write operations in non-primary clusters).
- Use `batch` or `group` for `commitlog_sync`.
- If you're using Cassandra-compatible databases, those databases must properly support lightweight transactions (LWT).

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}
- Not applicable. Cassandra always returns committed records, so there are no Cassandra-specific requirements.
</div>
<div id="DynamoDB" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}
- Use a single primary region for all operations. (No read and write operations on global tables in non-primary regions.)
  - There is no concept for primary regions in DynamoDB, so you must designate a primary region by yourself.

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}
- Not applicable. DynamoDB always returns committed records, so there are no DynamoDB-specific requirements.
</div>

<div id="Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}
- Use a single primary region for all operations with `Strong` or `Bounded Staleness` consistency.

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}
- Not applicable. Cosmos DB always returns committed records, so there are no Cosmos DB–specific requirements.
</div>

<div id="JDBC_databases" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

#### Transactions
{:.no_toc}
- Use a single primary server or synchronized multi-primary servers for all operations (no read operations on read replicas that are asynchronously replicated from a primary database).
- Use read-committed or stricter isolation levels.

#### Analytics
{:.no_toc}
- Use read-committed or stricter isolation levels.

</div>
</div>
```

## Recommendations

Properly configuring each underlying database of ScalarDB for high performance and high availability is recommended. The following recommendations include some knobs and configurations to update.

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

ScalarDB can be seen as an application of underlying databases, so you may want to try updating other knobs and configurations that are commonly used to improve efficiency.
{% endcapture %}
<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>

<div id="tabset-2">
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'JDBC_databases2', 'tabset-2')" id="defaultOpen-2">JDBC databases</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'DynamoDB2', 'tabset-2')">DynamoDB</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL2', 'tabset-2')">Cosmos DB for NoSQL</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cassandra2', 'tabset-2')">Cassandra</button>
</div>

<div id="JDBC_databases2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">

> - Use read-committed isolation for better performance.

Reviewer 4: Just a confirmation. Are you intentionally not mentioning the JDBC transaction manager since it's not officially explained in the docs? If so, it's fine, but I just thought the requirement and recommendation would be application-dependent when using the JDBC transaction manager.

Also, I would recommend users configure the isolation level (read-committed) at the underlying database setting instead of setting by `scalar.db.jdbc.isolation_level` for performance reasons since it will set the isolation level every time getting connections and reduce performance. But if too specific and detailed, forget about it.

Reviewer 5: > Just a confirmation. Are you intentionally not mentioning the JDBC transaction manager since it's not officially explained in the docs? If so, it's fine, but I just thought the requirement and recommendation would be application-dependent when using the JDBC transaction manager.

I think this is a good point. We have the JDBC transaction manager, and we finally decided not to delete it. So maybe we should mention that this document is only for the Consensus Commit transaction manager? (Also, we should revert the JDBC transaction manager things in the document)

Author: @jnmt Thanks! It's a good point.
Since the JDBC transaction manager is an expert option and we don't expect normal users to use it, I didn't mention it.
Maybe, I can add a note for that, just in case.

@brfrn169 What do you think?

> <div id="tabset-2">
> <div class="tab">
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'JDBC_databases2', 'tabset-2')" id="defaultOpen-2">JDBC databases</button>
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'DynamoDB2', 'tabset-2')">DynamoDB</button>
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL2', 'tabset-2')">Cosmos DB for NoSQL</button>
>   <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cassandra2', 'tabset-2')">Cassandra</button>
> </div>
> 
> <div id="JDBC_databases2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> - Use read-committed isolation for better performance.
> - Follow the performance optimization best practices for each database. For example, increasing the buffer size (for example, `shared_buffers` in PostgreSQL) and increasing the number of connections (for example, `max_connections` in PostgreSQL) are usually recommended for better performance.
> </div>
> 
> <div id="DynamoDB2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> - Increase the number of read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs) for high throughput.
> - Enable point-in-time recovery (PITR).
> 
> {% capture notice--info %}
> **Note**
> 
> Since DynamoDB stores data in multiple availability zones by default, you don’t need to adjust any configurations to improve availability.
> {% endcapture %}
> <div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>
> </div>
> 
> <div id="Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> - Increase the number of Request Units (RUs) for high throughput.
> - Enable point-in-time restore (PITR).
> - Enable availability zones.
> </div>
> 
> <div id="Cassandra2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
> - Increase `concurrent_reads` and `concurrent_writes` for high throughput. For details, see the official Cassandra documentation about [`concurrent_writes`](https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/stable/cassandra/configuration/cass_yaml_file.html#concurrent_writes).
> </div>
> </div>

Reviewer: Similar to [my previous comment](), can we change the order of the tabs as follows?:

- Cassandra
- Cosmos DB for NoSQL
- DynamoDB
- JDBC databases

```suggestion
<div id="tabset-2">
<div class="tab">
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cassandra2', 'tabset-2')" id="defaultOpen-2">Cassandra</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL2', 'tabset-2')">Cosmos DB for NoSQL</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'DynamoDB2', 'tabset-2')">DynamoDB</button>
  <button class="tablinks" onclick="openTab(event, 'JDBC_databases2', 'tabset-2')">JDBC databases</button>
</div>

<div id="Cassandra2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
- Increase `concurrent_reads` and `concurrent_writes` for high throughput. For details, see the official Cassandra documentation about [`concurrent_writes`](https://cassandra.apache.org/doc/stable/cassandra/configuration/cass_yaml_file.html#concurrent_writes).
</div>

<div id="Cosmos_DB_for_NoSQL2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
- Increase the number of Request Units (RUs) for high throughput.
- Enable point-in-time restore (PITR).
- Enable availability zones.
</div>

<div id="DynamoDB2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
- Increase the number of read capacity units (RCUs) and write capacity units (WCUs) for high throughput.
- Enable point-in-time recovery (PITR).

{% capture notice--info %}
**Note**

Since DynamoDB stores data in multiple availability zones by default, you don’t need to adjust any configurations to improve availability.
{% endcapture %}
<div class="notice--info">{{ notice--info | markdownify }}</div>
</div>

<div id="JDBC_databases2" class="tabcontent" markdown="1">
- Use read-committed isolation for better performance.
- Follow the performance optimization best practices for each database. For example, increasing the buffer size (for example, `shared_buffers` in PostgreSQL) and increasing the number of connections (for example, `max_connections` in PostgreSQL) are usually recommended for better performance.
</div>
</div>
```

Author: @josh-wong  I think setting `Cassandra` as the default is a little weird because it looks like it is most used and recommended, but actually, it's not really used.
So, the other docs should also be updated.
I'm okay with making this tab have the same order as the other docs for now and reordering all the tabs at once, but since this doc is already entirely reorganized, I changed the order in this PR.

@brfrn169 What do you think?

Reviewer 5: Right now, there's no reason for Cassandra to be set as the default. I feel the order in this PR (JDBC -> Dynamo -> Cosmos -> Cassandra) makes more sense given our current situation.

Reviewer: I see. I'm guessing the order of the databases in other docs was based on alphabetical order, so I didn't think they would need to be reorganized based on use case or popularity.

I'm OK with leaving this as is and then updating the existing tabs in other docs to follow the same order (which interestingly enough is reverse-alphabetical order, haha).
